README.md, before:

# Storyteller: The Social Network of Storytelling

# Deliverables
1. a link to your Github repository
2. a link to your screencast presentation.
...have error handling for all resources.
...have semantically-clean HTML and CSS that passes the standard validators. (See "Resources" below)
...pseudocode
3. Your repo should contain:
    a. A working full-stack application, built by you, that meets the technical requirements above.
    Frequent commits dating back to the very beginning of the project.
    b. A readme.md file in the root of your repo, with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, features, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc.
    c. A planning directory in the root of your repo containing an ERD mapping out your project domain. You are welcome to include other planning documents (e.g., wireframes, user stories).
    d. A link to your hosted, working application in the URL section of your Github repo.

# Project Description
Storytelling is one of the oldest human practices. Humans used storytelling as a method of communication, even before writing was invented.
Storyteller is a storytelling platform. It's a place where users can join, tell their stories, read other users' stories, and discuss these stories.

# Technology


# User stories
Three cases of user stories
1. Unlogged user
2. Logged user
3. Admin

# Possible Future Upgrades
Forms
- Expand the content field in forms
- Edit the button text on forms

Style
- Better seed data
- Update ERDs and Wireframes

Functionality
- Adding admin functionality
- Clear the unused and unauthorized routes

New Features
- Flexbox
- Add favorites
- Add tags
- Follow other users
- Add Tests

Commit message:

managed user authorization for unlogged users

README.md, after:

# Storyteller: The Social Network of Storytelling

# Deliverables
1. a link to your Github repository
2. a link to your screencast presentation.
...have error handling for all resources.
...have semantically-clean HTML and CSS that passes the standard validators. (See "Resources" below)
...pseudocode
3. Your repo should contain:
    a. A working full-stack application, built by you, that meets the technical requirements above.
    Frequent commits dating back to the very beginning of the project.
    b. A readme.md file in the root of your repo, with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, features, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc.
    c. A planning directory in the root of your repo containing an ERD mapping out your project domain. You are welcome to include other planning documents (e.g., wireframes, user stories).
    d. A link to your hosted, working application in the URL section of your Github repo.

# Project Description
Storytelling is one of the oldest human practices. Humans used storytelling as a method of communication, even before writing was invented.
Storyteller is a storytelling platform. It's a place where users can join, tell their stories, read other users' stories, and discuss these stories.

# Technology


# User stories
Three cases of user stories
1. Unlogged user
2. Logged user
3. Admin

# Possible Future Upgrades
Forms
- Expand the content field in forms
- Edit the button text on forms

Style
- Better seed data
- Update ERDs and Wireframes

Functionality
- Adding admin functionality
- Clear the unused and unauthorized routes for loged-in users and admins

New Features
- Sign in with Facebook account
- Flexbox
- Add favorites
- Add tags
- Follow other users
- Add Tests
